
Topics:

  Recap:
    for:
      for( initialization; termination; inc/dec )

    while
      using while when the inc/dec is different from i++/i--

    do-while
      to excute the statements atleat once

  Iteration:
    iterating over an elements of composite type

    iteration only on iterable - available in JS
      for...of ( through each element ) Array
      for...in ( through index ) // Array, Obj
  
  Practice Problems:
    1. write a function isOdd to find whether the given number is odd
    2. write a function to find the power/exponential of a number & power
    3. Function to get the factorial of a number

  4. function to print all the fibonacci number till N
    
  Hoisting:
    with scope how hoisting works

  Arrays & Array Methods
    Array - collection of items
    
    Simple Array Methods:
      push: Appends new elements to the end of an array, and returns the new length of the array.

      pop: Removes the last element from an array and returns it. If the array is empty, undefined is returned and the array is not modified.

      slice, Returns a copy of a section of an array. For both start and end, a negative index can be used to indicate an offset from the end of the array. For example, -2 refers to the second to last element of the array.

      splice, Removes elements from an array and, if necessary, inserts new elements in their place, returning the deleted elements.

      join - joins all the elements as a string with a separator

      shift - removes the first element

      unshift - adds a set of elements in the first of array

      concat - adds two/more array into a single array
      Combines two or more arrays. This method returns a new array without modifying any existing arrays.

    Array methods - 
      forEach, Performs the specified action for each element in an array.
        return -> undefined

      Map, Calls a defined callback function on each element of an array, and returns an array that contains the results.      

    Object and JSON iteration:

      what is object in JS?
        Object - Key <-> Value pairs
        Ex:
          { 
            name: "sanjay", 
            age: 30, 
            role: "developer", 
            bio: { 
              height: 100, 
              wieght: 100 
            } 
          }
    
    JSON: JavaScript Object Notation - File Extension
      Data represented same as JS Object
      key should be in double quotes, string should be in doubles quotes

    Valid JSON file skills.json & resume.json

Next Session:
  filter, 
  reduce, 
  find, 
  findIndex, 
  JSON Iteration:
    Object.values(obj); // array of values of obj
    Object.keys(obj); // array keys of obj
    for...in
  